    Ansible jinja template
    Jenkins pipeline linking with SonarQube
    SonarQube setup
    Groovy script in Jenkins and running it
    Ansible
    EC2 Instance creation using Ansible
    Recommending the right tools to the client
    Dockerfile usage for creating custom images
    Process of DevOps
    Kubernetes setup
    Helm chart
    Cloud infrastructure
    Install Kubernetes
    Kubernetes cluster setup
    Web-based deployment in JFrog Tomcat Artifactory

Prometheus, Grafana, Logging:

    Logging in Prometheus and Grafana

Git and Version Control:

    Git stash
    Merging all commits to the main branch via one command
    Git clone and git remote
    Git stash drop
    List of files changes in a particular commit
    Git diff free -or #
    How to fix a broken commit
    How to check the history of merged branches

Jenkins and CI/CD:

    How to Run Jenkins
    Automated tests in Jenkins
    Pipeline failure and how to deal with it
    Agent Directive in Jenkins
    Restart Jenkins manually
    Types of Pipelines in Jenkins
    If you don't mention an agent in a scripted pipeline, what will happen to the job?
    How to execute declarative pipeline
    Groovy Sandbox use

Docker and Containerization:

    Docker swarm
    Docker namespace
    Base image changing and committing to form a new image
    Docker system
    Can a container restart by itself?
    How to start a container every time we log in
    Can you delete a paused container?

Kubernetes:

    Kubernetes architecture
    What is Kube proxy
    Basic elements in Kubernetes
    How do you check the log of pods for troubleshooting purposes?
    Kube Proxy is down. What will be the effect?
    Types of Services in Kubernetes
    Controller function in Kubernetes
    Persistent volume
    Stateful set
    Headless service

AWS and Cloud Infrastructure:

    Merging my corporate data center to AWS
    Private IP Address in VPC
    Subnets in AWS
    Best practices of EC2 Instances
    EC2 failure-prone: which kind of instance to build
    EC2 -create -group securitygroup: What does this command do?
    Horizontal auto-scaling
    Removing pods
    Removing nodes
    User base in India and the US: where should the data be stored?
    Lost the private key, how will you get it back?
    Security group in AWS

Linux and System Administration:

    Soft and Hard link difference
    Significance or use of inode
    How to check files older than 20 days
    How to check open ports in Linux
    Check the total number of inodes
    What does the df command do?
    What are the types of files in Linux?
    How to check open ports
    Default Network types in Docker - Have you heard about bridge host?
    How to check container logs
    How to check open ports
    Docker port command
    Docker system prune

Miscellaneous:

    How do you define the pipeline?
    Which pipeline do you use: Scripted or declarative?
    Are you using JFrog for Artifactory storage?
    How do you create the deployment?
    How do you check if the previous command is successful or not?
    I am executing some command, how will I know if the command I executed is successful or not?
    What is etcd's purpose?
    While executing a bash script, I am passing F1.sh 1 2 3 4 5. Within the script, I want to read the parameters.
    How Prometheus works and what are the key components in Prometheus?
    How do you take your jar file from Artifactory?
    How do you deploy the application? What is the purpose? Step by step deployment.

Terraform:
1. You have created 80 resources and you want to delete 10 resources out of it so how you can do that?
2. what is the difference between desired state configuration and  current state configuration in terraform ?
3. How does terraform actually work in background like how my terraform interacts with cloud?
4. Can I have multiple providers in same environment?
5. How my terraform get to know like what I should run to inform terraform that I'm trying to connect azure cloud are aws cloud  
6. What happens when terraform init do?
7. Is it possible ENABLE Logging in terraform?
8. What are the Log Levels we have in Terraform ?
9. You have 80 resources and by running terraform apply and how many resources can be created at a time? Or it will creates in sequential order and in which sequential order it follow.
10. How many dependencies we have in terraform.
11. How can you define dependency in explicit?
12.  Have you worked on terraform lifecycles on resources?
13. What is splat expressions in Terraform?
14. Lets suppose, I have 4 or 5 modules with me and I am calling one modules output inside. I mean content inside another module. For example you have create one network and then I am deploying something inside that network. So I need the networks entire information before I apply the second module. So how can I fetch both information from first module.
15. You don't want to Delete 10 resources from the 80 resources and delete the other 70 resources. How you will delete

Ansible:
1. How many inventories are there in Ansible
2. What is variable precedence order for ansible?
3. What are handlers in ansible? What is the use



